This is the script to automatically setup and populate a user database for Puncy's Store as per the COMP2140 project spec.

Usage is simple. Navigate to the containing folder and call:
    "python gen_sql.py <number_of_records_desired>"

The script will output "Done!" to the console when complete. 

Other tables generated include orders, measurements and logins. Orders and Measurements are not populated because to automatically generate a script that would give proper intelligible data would be a pain. 

Generated SQL File <dummy.sql> will be output to its own SQL folder. Also in this folder will be a file called <raw_pass.txt>. User passwords are randomly generated by the script so you will need this file in order to login to your database as a regular customer. An admin login has been designated as:

Email: "puncysstoreadmin@gmail.com"
Password: "iam1ncontr0l"

Please note, there are two s's in the email address and the password contains a 1 and a 0 in the 4th and 11th positions.

I made the call to have the customer and admin users in the same table and separate them using a clearance field because that was easier to do automatically and it felt cleaner, but the script can be adapted if we decide to change it.

Making changes to the table definitions in <prep.sql> will cause those changes to be reflected in the output <dummy,sql> file the next time the script is run, so there is only need to update the files in one location. 

WhatsApp me if you have any questions about the files.
